Edits for topics in the Installing and Upgrading branches (#4527)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/epas/15/installing/windows/installing_advanced_server_with_the_interactive_installer/invoking_the_graphical_installer_from_the_command_line/reference_command_line_options.mdx

<div id="reference_command_line_options" class="registered_link"></div>

> You can optionally include the following parameters for an EDB Postgres Advanced Server (EPAS) installation on the command line or in a configuration file when invoking the EPASinstaller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can optionally include the following parameters for an EDB Postgres Advanced Server (EPAS) installation on the command line or in a configuration file when invoking the EPAS installer.
```

`--disable-components component_list`

> Specifies a list of EPAScomponents to exclude from the installation. By default, `component_list` contains '' (the empty string). `component_list` is a comma-separated list containing one or more of the following components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies a list of EPAS components to exclude from the installation. By default, `component_list` contains '' (the empty string). `component_list` is a comma-separated list containing one or more of the following components:
```

- `dbserver` &mdash; EDB Postgres Advanced Server.

- `pgadmin4` &mdash; The EDB Postgres pgAdmin 4 provides a powerful graphical interface for database management and monitoring.

`--enable_acledit { 1 | 0 }`

> The `--enable_acledit 1` option instructs the installer to grant permission to the user specified by the `--serviceaccount` option to access the EPASbinaries and `data` directory. By default, this option is disabled if `--enable_acledit 0` is specified or if the `--enable_acledit` option is completely omitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--enable_acledit 1` option instructs the installer to grant permission to the user specified by the `--serviceaccount` option to access the EPAS binaries and `data` directory. By default, this option is disabled if `--enable_acledit 0` is specified or if the `--enable_acledit` option is completely omitted.
```

`--extract-only { yes | no }`

> Include the `--extract-only` parameter to indicate that the installer should extract the EPASbinaries without performing a complete installation. Superuser privileges aren't required for the `--extract-only` option. The default value is `no`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Include the `--extract-only` parameter to indicate that the installer should extract the EPAS binaries without performing a complete installation. Superuser privileges aren't required for the `--extract-only` option. The default value is `no`.
```
